post-merge update: client diversity page (#7192)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/index.md

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

> If you don't already have an understanding of what nodes and clients are, check out [nodes and clients](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/). [Execution](/glossary/#execution-layer) and [consensus](/glossary/#consensus-layer) layers are defined in the glossary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't already understand what nodes and clients are, check out [nodes and clients](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/). [Execution](/glossary/#execution-layer) and [consensus](/glossary/#consensus-layer) layers are defined in the glossary.
```
